About Us - CoderPad
Skip to Main Content
Just announced: CoderPad Play! Engage your team with fun technical challenges.
Hide this message
CoderPad
Close
Back
Platform
Screen
Move candidates forward with confidence with fair, fast and accurate coding assessments.
Discover Screen
Discover Screen
Discover Screen
Gamified assessments
Test reporting
Cheating prevention
Question quality
Interview
See how candidates code, communicate and collaborate with 360° technical interviews.
Discover Interview
Discover Interview
Discover Interview
Collaborative IDE
Languages & frameworks
Interviewer tools
Digital whiteboard
Map
beta
Identify your team’s strengths and weaknesses and track them over time.
Discover Map
Discover Map
Discover Map
Reports by skill
Skills progression
Play
Engage your team and sharpen their skills with fun technical challenges
Discover Play
Discover Play
Discover Play
Use Cases
Data Science
Full Stack Developer
Resources
Sandbox
Docs
Blog
Interview Questions
State of Tech Hiring 2024
Testimonials
Webinars
For Candidates
Pricing
Request demo
Sign up free
Login
Open Menu
About Us
CoderPad is a simple yet powerful online technical assessment software that makes it easy to interview in the candidate’s language of choice so hiring managers can quickly get a quality signal of an engineer’s skills. We empower customers around the world to screen and interview best-in-class engineers with our comprehensive and flexible technology, responsive customer success team, and devotion to a great candidate experience. Founded in 2013 and headquartered in San Francisco, CoderPad serves over 3,800 customers and has hosted more than 4 million technical interviews in 99+ languages.
Our Story
Vincent Woo, a software engineer with experience working with some of the best technology teams in the world at companies like Google and Amazon, became frustrated during interviews where it was obvious that developers would have done better if they could just run their code and debug in real time. Even with all of that recruiting power, the process of screening technical talent was still extremely manual, time consuming for hiring managers and intimidating for great candidates. He also saw how easily the process biased towards engineers with better resumes than technical skills.
So he designed CoderPad as an alternative to both the antiquated whiteboard and feature-heavy, expensive HR software. It gave small startups that lacked the high-end tools and resources of their larger competitors access to great technology to screen and compete for talent and gave large companies the ability to reliably collaborate via live paired programming interviews with candidates all over the world.
The company grew rapidly via word of mouth from happy developers–both those conducting interviews but more often, those who had a great interview experience. Along the way
we teamed up
with Frédéric Desmoulins, founder and CEO of
CodinGame
. CodinGame also deeply understood how the hiring process was biased towards engineers with better resumes than technical skills and was on a mission to promote a more inclusive tech community.
Today we are a global team with a comprehensive technical hiring platform that includes
asynchronous assessments
,
take-home projects
and
live paired programming interviews
. We strive to build technology that gets the right people hired — and moves hiring beyond resumes, college logos, and personal connections. We focus on our users and candidates above all else – never forgetting our roots of being simple, easy to use, and reliable.
Our Values
At CoderPad, we stand for:
Transparency
– We embrace open, honest and direct conversations, even when uncomfortable.
Autonomy
– We are disciplined and accountable, which empowers us to be flexible in when and where we work.
Curiosity
– We thrive on asking questions and thinking critically, fueled by a desire to learn, understand and improve.
Impact
– We strive for excellence and high performance, driven by our ability to make a positive impact on the world.
Trust
– We assume good intent and treat each other, customers and candidates with dignity and respect.
Our Culture
CoderPad will forever remain devoted to being a company for developers, built by developers. We believe what makes us different makes us smarter. Building a more diverse, inclusive, and equitable organization is good for us, our customers, and our community. Our employees have the opportunity to help people get jobs and grow their companies every single day. And,
we’re hiring
.
Got Questions?
Contact us
Platform
Use Cases
Resources
For Candidates
Pricing
twitter
youtube
linkedin
Product
Live Collaborative Online IDE
Take-Home Projects
Digital Whiteboard
Focus Time
Integrations
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Company
About Us
Careers
Blog
Press
Security
Contact Sales
FAQs
User Guides
Docs
Customer Stories
Learning Center
University Recruiting
Support
Contact Support
Status
Terms of service
Privacy policy
CoderPad
© 2024 CoderPad, Inc
CoderPad is a service mark of CoderPad, Inc.